[Doc] Clarify incompatibility of SaveButton of type='button' with custom Form's onSubmit (#8286)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/SaveButton.md

);
```

`onClick` doesn't *replace* the default submission handler, since a default `SaveButton` is a submit button, but is instead called before it. To override the default submission handler, wrap a `<SaveButton>` in a custom [`SaveContext`](./useSaveContext.md).

Note that if you call `event.preventDefault()` in `onClick`, the form will not be submitted.

> This is especially usefull preventing the `<Form>` from being submited by pressing the `ENTER` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is especially useful preventing the `<Form>` from being submitted by pressing the `ENTER` key.
```
